FIX fix multinomial deviance by taking the weighted average instead of the sum (#17694)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.24.rst

  which allows monitoring of each stage.
  :pr:`16985` by :user:`Hao Chun Chang <haochunchang>`.

> - |Fix| Fixed bug in :func:`ensemble.MultinomialDeviance.__call__` where the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| Fixed bug in :class:`ensemble.MultinomialDeviance` where the
```

  average of logloss was incorrectly calculated as sum of logloss.

>   :pr:`17694` by :user:`Tsutomu Kusanagi <t-kusanagi2>`.

Author: Thank you. I added <rempfler>

> - |Fix| Fixed bug in :class:`ensemble.MultinomialDeviance` where the
>   average of logloss was incorrectly calculated as sum of logloss.
>   :pr:`17694` by :user:`Markus Rempfler <rempfler>` and :user:`Tsutomu Kusanagi <t-kusanagi2>`.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- |Fix| Fixed bug in :class:`ensemble.MultinomialDeviance` where the
  average of logloss was incorrectly calculated as sum of logloss.
  :pr:`17694` by :user:`Markus Rempfler <rempfler>` and
  :user:`Tsutomu Kusanagi <t-kusanagi2>`.

```
